Unifying all troubleshooting guides so far (#17553)
metabase/metabase: docs/troubleshooting-guide/cant-see-tables.md

# I can't see my tables

You have connected Metabase to a database, but:

- you don't see the tables in the [Data Model][data-model] section of the Admin Panel,
- the tables don't appear in the [Data Browser][data-browser],
- the tables don't show up as possible data sources when you create a query using the Notebook Editor, or
- you can no longer see tables that you used to be able to see.

If you can see the tables, but some of the rows or columns seem to be missing, please check out the [troubleshooting guide for sandboxing][sandboxing].

> ## Is it a browser caching issue?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Is your browser showing you a cached list of tables?
```

## Does the table exist?

**Root cause:** The table you think you should be able to see does not exist (e.g., it has a different name than you expect).

**Steps to take:** To test that the table you are trying to query actually exists and that you have permission to access it, use the SQL Editor to create and run a query like:

```
select * from SOMEWHERE
```

where `SOMEWHERE` is the table you think you should be able to see. Metabase should display an error message like:

```
Table "SOMEWHERE" not found
```

If you see this message, use another application (e.g., `psql` for PostreSQL) to send the same query to the database. If it also produces a "table not found" message, check the database schema and the spelling of the table name.

Be sure to log in using the same credentials that Metabase uses. A common source of problems is that the Metabase "user" does not have the same privileges as a member of IT staff or a developer, so tables that are visible to the latter using external applications are not visible to Metabase.

## Can the Metabase account access the table?

> **Root cause:** The login ID that Metabase uses to query the database does not have privileges to view the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Root cause:** The login ID that Metabase uses to query the database doesn't have privileges to view the table.
```
